quiver banlist:

weapons on quiver are banned for multiple reasons, but not for the reasons one may expect, these include:
- advantage for vertical movement, except if the advantage is skillful. quiver has bunnyhopping, and i'd like all players to be on the same level when it comes to bhop speed. Weapons that increase jump height are allowed if they're offset by a bhop penalty. This ban also includes weapons that give scouts too many air jumps (over 3)
- mini crits outside of armor breaking, although weapons that get mini-cits skillfully don't count under this rule.
- no weapons that slow down movement of other players, but weapons that slow down your player are allowed. this category also includes stun or freezing a player in place. stuns are disabled, but making a player taunt is considered as stunning/not moving. no weapons in quiver should slow down other players or stun them, as movement should be generally on the same level.
- no weapons that add more resistances on top of armor, except in rare circumstances where the resistances improve the experience. demoknight weapons are excluded as they're integral to the class.
- no weapons that make the player invincible
- weapons that were merged into 1 weapon or weapons that are irrelevant due to another weapon
- other reasons related to the weapon itself

1. banned for vertical movement:
Soda Popper
Sticky Jumper/Rocket Jumper (not useful in combat, but gives a vertical movement boost, -100% damage penalty and no blast damage taken, with no meaningful downside)
The Winger

2. banned for mini crits:
Crit-a-Cola
Fan O'War
Cow Mangler 5000
Buff Banner
Buffalo Steak Sandvich
Sydney Sleeper
Jarate/Self-Aware Beauty Mark

3. banned for slowing movement, stunning, or freezing other players:
Holiday Punch

4. banned for making the player invincible:
Bonk! Atomic Punch
Phlogistinator (during taunt)

5. banned for additional resistances
Battalion's Backup
Vaccinator
Spy-Cicle
Dead Ringer
Brass Beast
Fists of Steel
Razorback

6. banned for merge/irrelevancy
Equalizer (became the Vitality Glitch)
Escape Plan (became the Vitality Glitch)
Machina/Shooting Star (merged into the Railgun)
Classic (merged into the Railgun)
Fan O'War (sandman rework)
Wrap Assassin (cleaver)
The Amputator (replaced by the Quick Fix's radius heal Ubercharge)
The Vita-Saw (Overshadowed by the Ubersaw)
The Liberty Launcher (Overshadowed by other rocket launchers)
The Panic Attack (Overshadowed by other shotguns)
The Dalokoh's Bar/Fishcake (Overshadowed by the sandvich/banana)
The Eviction Notice (Overshadowed by the GRU)
The Eureka Effect (Cut for the same reason as the Instant Teleport weapon)

7. banned for other reasons:
Short Circuit (destroys projectiles)
Solemn Vow (the spy should be the only class able to view enemy health, and there's no reason a medic would need to view enemy health)
Fan O'War (too weak)
The Hot Hand (Too weak)

rebalance ideas:

will re-evaluate:
Phlogistinator (category 4 ban, remove invincibility when taunting in favor of removing armor when mmmph is activated, lowering the time crits are active, re-enable airblast, require a percentage of your mmmph per airblast instead of ammo)

can add, but do a rebalance:
Righteous Bison (needs a buff. bad.)
Third Degree (make it so linked players deal less damage than directly hitting them. give it a damage bonus when hitting players directly)
Pomson 6000 (buff)
Rescue Ranger (give it a nerf when paired with the wrangler)
Southern Hospitality (give it better downsides)
Shahanshah (add 25% deploy time)
Candy Cane (reduce damage vulnerability or give it a different negative effect)
Boston Basher/Three-Rune Blade (may need a damage buff to complement the bleed damage)